sit
elder sister
In the past, my sister was ignorant and did a lot of wrong things
But don't hate me
Otherwise I will be very sad.
The reason why your sister
Confused before
It's all for me
Your dad is not an investment material
Doing business in the past few years
Those people tricked me
I owe too much usury
If your sister hadn't paid my debt
Come up with the way to drug You Mingxuan
Dad wouldn't be like that either.
Sister, am I crazy?
That but
Error
To promote the fate of my sister and brother-in-law is not
But anyway
You can't do anything by any means.
Then I'm not here to help our dad?
Then I will have two bosses, sister and brother-in-law.
Let's help our dad together
So I don't have to rush to the doctor
YANYAN
If it weren't for your sister's use of what happened three years ago